So now it's time for us to go back to our home screen here and get the books from our Firebase database
for our basic five story, I should say and get those books there, we've added and add them back to
our main screen here.
That's the whole idea.
OK, let's put together this structure first.
Well, if we're getting something from anywhere in this case, our database, well, we need a repository
and then we're going to need a few models.
So all of that's going to be back inside of our.
Let's go back to our screens.
It's going to be back to sort of our home.
So in fact, let's go ahead and create a codling class.
If you model here, say home screen view model and you can see how nice it is to have this organizations
that we have structure here, right?
Because it helps to know exactly where we are, where we want to be and what to add each one of these
classes.
OK.
So I'm going to say at Helt, the model and two I have before I forget here, this is going to inherit
from view model.
Let's give it this for now.
So we get that help inject constructor
support and it's going to be private.
Repository.
And it's going to be a new repository called Fire Repository Search.
OK.
It's going to we're going to have problem here, but we'll fix that later.
So there's going to be a new model.
Let's go ahead and create this repository right of ways that we don't have that error.
OK.
So where are we going to create a repository?
We're going to create inside of our repositories there.
So I'm going to right click and it's just a class.
Can call fire repository.
And we don't have to annotate with anything.
However, we're going to inject now constructor here or private vow, a type called query book.
Now there's going to be special because it's going to be of query type.
Now what is the query we're going to get?
We're going to get the Firebase firestorm.
Query this guy there.
Let's make sure we get that.
Now, let's not forget.
So this point, let's just go ahead and import that.
That's very good.
Now, let's not forget one thing our dependency injection model there, because we have to have that
structure, that provider that we need for our Firebase provider there.
So I'm going to say at Singleton.
And that provides and then the function.
They provide power.
Five Book Depository, and when I said this directly to fire repository that is going to passed the
query book here now the query is very interesting because we're just going to use the Firebase Fire
story and say, get instance and then I'm going to say you got collection and I'm going to pass the
book or books collection.
So I'm setting it up right here directly for our query because this is what we did in the past for a
our story instance and go to our collection books because we want to query this collection books when
we receive the dependency injection of Firebase for a book repository.
All right, let's go back to our Firebase repository just to make sure let's get rid of that.
Now what's going to happen here?
Here's where we're going to get the books, so I'm going to put just like we've done before.
Suspend function, call this get all books from database long name, but it's descriptive and we're
going to go with that.
And so here I can go ahead and say, I want a list of my books.
Remember the distinction here?
I'm going to see a list of books because that's what we used to save our data, not item or anything
else, right?
So we have two things going here.
So and book is what I'm going to be using to retrieve that back.
Now I could go ahead and just see a list.
That's what we're getting here of and books, it's like that.
That's totally fine.
However, I want to wrap that inside of one of those wrappers classes, so that will allow us to add
more information to it.
Right?
Such as loading an exception, so forth.
So for that, I'm going to go to our data instead of resources.
I could use that, but I'm going to create a new one.
Something different so you can play with.
So I'm going to call this.
It's going to be a data class.
Call this data or exception.
Right.
So I already have that.
So I don't want to bore you into coding it.
And I've been using this throughout the course, so you should be familiar with this.
But essentially what we're doing here, we're creating a data or exception data class, which essentially
we're passing if you force a template type, which means this is generic.
This can be anything and bullet, and we can also add a boolean true or false, which means it's that
loading.
And of course, the occasional exception.
OK.
And then we're setting it up to say, OK, the variable.
The property data in this case is going to receive that type wherever we pass here and for loading,
we're going to receive that bullying whatever pass here and for exception, they're going to pass this
exception that we may receive.
That's how a robber class coming back here.
What I'm going to do is I'm going to use the wrapper class right by saying data or exception.
And then in this case, I'm going to put the list for our data list of what M books.
Remember, this is very important.
And then when you pass a Boolean and an exception.
That's what I'm expecting.
When I say, get all books from database and inside here, I'm going to create a variable of type data
or exception and let's say data, just initialize it.
And let's a list of books like that and then bullion and an exception.
All right.
So we have this narrow exception, which we can then add.
List of books?
True or false and or exception?
All right.
So then I'm going to say, try here and catch substantially what we've been doing.
So it's repeating ourselves here, but it's OK to say exception when I guess use the Firebase store
exception, tailored classes there.
And what I'm going to do with this exception, well, I'm going to use our data or exception and pass
it exception that we're getting here.
By the way, here I'm going to return, hopefully by this time, I'm going to have data or exception
object rate.
So here is where we get that information, right?
So what is I'm going to do here?
Well, first of all, I'm going to say data or exception.
I'm going to say loading to true because in case I want to check in our composable if data is being
loaded, I can use this rare exception.
And look, if it's loading is true, then I can show the the loading widget.
OK, and then here I'm going to say data or exception data.
So I'm going to say that to white.
Well, this is where we're going to pass this list of books.
Where is this coming from?
Well, it's going to be coming from our backend database, firestorm.
Now, how do we get that?
Well, here is where magic happens.
You remember that we passed the query books, right?
This is the quote books.
Notice.
This is a query type.
It's a very special type.
Make sure this is from a collection reference, right from Firebase five story.
It's very important because it has all the information we need to query our database, you'll see.
So now can can use that query book in this case, quite a book.
I can say, don't get like that.
It's important, and then I'm going to use that await.
I like this now.
If you don't see this are wait, we're not able to get this week.
Make sure you've implemented the Catlin Core Routines place services to Gradle, which means let's go
to our Gradle.
This is very important because you are going to be very frustrated.
If this doesn't work, you see, make sure you have this.
You should have, of course, all of this in a way.
But in some case, make sure you have this Kotlin Cortines play service like that in order for you to
be able to see this await.
So then I'm going to say documents.
Look at that and I'm going to map those documents.
So in this case here, I'm going to be passing documents not like this, right?
I'm going to have a document snapshot and I can do all sorts of things with it.
What is it I want to do?
Well, I'm going to use that document snapshot and say to object right to what object?
Well, I'm going to map it to an ebook of Java.
Like this?
And of course, we'll have to unwrap like that.
We'll look at how beautiful this is.
Right.
So we leveraged the things that freebies Firestorm has like passing this query object and say, get
in because we have the quality and the dependency I told you about.
We can await this.
Wait here or wait like a see, it's part of the core routine task, right?
So it says awaits the completion of the task without blocking a thread.
Aha.
Very important because we're going to block any threads.
We just want to do this work behind without bothering anybody, and they don't want us to get that information.
We can say documents going to get documents and I'm going to invoke did that math, which then I'm going
to have this lambda with documents snapshots.
These are the actual documents that we're getting from here.
So these documents in our books?
That's what we're saying.
When we get those, what do we do?
Well, we are going to make them all map them into books, objects, which is exactly what we want,
because remember, this is what we're doing.
Like, we creating a list of books, objects because as they come in like this, they're not going to
be book objects, they're going to be hash maps or whatever else.
Right?
Look how beautiful this is.
So that means, yeah, that's what we did, we put in the book object list.
We added that to our accession data exception object and go inside it into our data and add that which
is what exactly what it's been expected there.
And here, because I can say happily, if the data or exception that data is null or empty, if not
right, because I have an exclamation point there, then I'm going to say data or exception that loading
said that to false.
Yep, we're done.
So no more loading.
Happening now.
This, of course, get old books from their base.
It's ready to be used.
In our view model, once we created, in fact, we created the model so we can set it up because look
at this have reference to farm fire repository and we can get the books exciting.